Episode 1
Look over there. They're having a cup of tea.
This is a fresh tea. Why do they say that?
They're very generous.
They can't even get a single cent.
Why do they say that?
Here, drink.
This is a NADA sake.
This is a NADA sake?
I don't know about NADA sake, but I don't know about Yamamoto sake.
Hey, Yamamoto doesn't sell sake.
Excuse me, but how much is this sake?
Hey, is there anyone who can buy sake with a single cent?
But it's interesting.
This is the 15th sake.
Hey, stop it. What are you talking about?
Here, drink.
Here, eat.
I'm a Geko.
If you're a Geko, you should eat something.
I'm sorry, but can I have a Kama-boko?
Sure. Do you like Kama-boko?
I love it.
I have to kill a Kama-boko every morning.
I'm not killing a Kama-boko.
I'm going to buy a Kama-boko from a shop this morning.
Hey, do you sell Kama-boko at a shop?
I don't want to go to the shop anymore.
Do you want to eat something?
I'm sorry, but can I have a Tamagoyaki?
Sure.
Do you like Tamagoyaki?
Yes.
I don't have a tail.
Hey, do you have a tail in Tamagoyaki?
I liked Tamagoyaki, but I have teeth.
I don't have anyone to eat Tamagoyaki in the corner of the shop.
I don't have anyone to drink with.
I don't drink tea.
Don't say that.
Drink it this month.
I'm really surprised that you're drinking again.
Why don't you drink without saying anything?
I think you're the most important person in Nagoya.
I don't have to thank you.
I won't forget your good words.
I can't do it all at once, so I'm trying to do something.
I'm going to work the first time I get a job in Nagoya.
If you have a job, you can tell me.
Hey, don't say anything strange.
Everyone, drink it.
I'll drink it.
Nice to meet you, sir.
I drank it.
I'm a strange drunkard.
Next month, please drink it.
I'm a stupid drunkard.
You're good.
You're very fast at getting drunk.
You're fast at talking, too.
You shouldn't talk.
Please drink it.
I'm a stupid drunkard.
I'm drunk after drinking alcohol.
You can't refuse every time.
I can't make a mistake if I refuse.
I'm a stupid drunkard.
What do you think?
I feel like I drank last summer.
Do you feel that way?
There's a good place in Nagoya near here.
Really?
Yes, it's Sakabajira.
Please subscribe to my channel.